memory/2026-01-30.md, before:

# Daily Log - 2026-01-30

## Session Context
**Date:** Thursday, January 30, 2026
**User:** Álv (Rey)
**Mode:** Market Intelligence MVP Development

---

## Key Events

### 12:23 - Market Intelligence MVP Approval
Álv approved the Market Intelligence MVP plan:
- ✅ Daily tracking confirmed
- ✅ Weekly reports approved
- ✅ "Let's begin to build that!"

### 12:29 - Initial Build & Testing
Built `market_intel.py` CLI with:
- Flight price tracking for 6 routes (MEX→CUN, MIA, JFK, LAX, MAD, CDG)
- Exchange rate tracking (MXN vs USD, EUR, GBP)
- Weekly report generation with trend analysis
- Telegram-formatted output

Tested successfully - prices fetched from Amadeus API.

### 12:53 - Moved to Separate Repo (per Álv request)
Álv: "market intelligence should be on its own repo"

Created `/home/clawdbot/market-intelligence`:
- Standalone Git repository
- `scripts/market_intel.py` - Main CLI tool
- `data/market-intel/` - JSON data storage
- `scripts/cron-daily-flights.sh` - Daily tracking cron
- `scripts/cron-weekly-report.sh` - Weekly report cron
- README.md with usage instructions

Configured crontab:
- Daily flight tracking: 14:00 UTC (~8am Mexico City)
- Weekly report: Mondays 15:00 UTC (~9am Mexico City)

### 12:55 - Commits
- **market-intelligence repo**: Initial commit (91614c3)
- **clawd repo**: Moved market intel to separate repo (e0388ab)

### 13:48 - Notion Integration Request
Álv: "will report be stored in notion?"

**Decision:** Create separate "Market Intelligence" database

**Reasoning:**
- Separation of concerns: BI data vs one-off client analyses
- Specialized schema needed for routes, currencies, trends, insights
- Scalability for future metrics
- Clean queries without cluttering Operations DB

### 13:52 - Confirmed to Proceed
Álv: "Yes, please, let's store all data and reports on notion so it can be accesible"

### 13:53 - OpenCode Failed, Direct Implementation
OpenCode failed (Fireworks AI account suspended - billing limit)

Álv: "ok, go option 2" (implement directly)

**Implemented:**
- Added Notion client to `market_intel.py`
- Created save functions:
  - `save_daily_prices_to_notion()` - 6 route entries per day
  - `save_exchange_to_notion()` - 3 currency entries per day
  - `save_weekly_report_to_notion()` - 1 entry per week
- Added `--notion` flag to enable/disable Notion saving
- Updated cron scripts with `--notion` flag
- Created `data/notion-db-ids.json` for database ID config
- Updated README.md with Notion setup instructions
- Created `scripts/setup_notion.py` helper

### 14:02 - Tested Successfully
```bash
python scripts/market_intel.py track --type flights --notion  # Works
python scripts/market_intel.py report --days 7 --notion      # Works
```

**Commit:** cdfbfc2 - Add Notion integration for market intelligence

---

## Status Summary

**Completed Today:**
- Market Intelligence MVP fully built and tested
- Separate repo created and configured
- Cron jobs scheduled for daily tracking + weekly reports
- Documentation updated (README.md, SKILL.md)

**Monitored Routes:**
- MEX→CUN: $45-50 USD (domestic leisure)
- MEX→MIA: $116-223 USD (US East Coast)
- MEX→JFK: $200-236 USD (US East Coast)
- MEX→LAX: $122-207 USD (US West Coast)
- MEX→MAD: $347-370 USD (Europe)
- MEX→CDG: $399-548 USD (Europe)

**Exchange Rates (current mock):**
- MXN/USD: 17.22
- MXN/EUR: 18.75
- MXN/GBP: 21.50

**Awaiting:**
- Real exchange rate API integration (currently mock data)
- Telegram bot integration for auto-report delivery
- Remote GitHub repo setup for market-intelligence

---

## Next Priorities
- Set up remote GitHub repo for market-intelligence (push from local)
- Integrate real FX API
- Connect weekly reports to Telegram channel
- Provider integration details from Mar (pending)

Commit message:

Update Market Intelligence weekly report schedule
Changed from Mondays 9am CST to Fridays 6pm CST (12:00 UTC).

Reasoning:
- Report runs Friday afternoon (end of week)
- Weekend for analysis and content planning
- Content posts start Monday
- Better alignment with content workflow

memory/2026-01-30.md, after:

# Daily Log - 2026-01-30

## Session Context
**Date:** Thursday, January 30, 2026
**User:** Álv (Rey)
**Mode:** Market Intelligence MVP Development

---

## Key Events

### 12:23 - Market Intelligence MVP Approval
Álv approved the Market Intelligence MVP plan:
- ✅ Daily tracking confirmed
- ✅ Weekly reports approved
- ✅ "Let's begin to build that!"

### 12:29 - Initial Build & Testing
Built `market_intel.py` CLI with:
- Flight price tracking for 6 routes (MEX→CUN, MIA, JFK, LAX, MAD, CDG)
- Exchange rate tracking (MXN vs USD, EUR, GBP)
- Weekly report generation with trend analysis
- Telegram-formatted output

Tested successfully - prices fetched from Amadeus API.

### 12:53 - Moved to Separate Repo (per Álv request)
Álv: "market intelligence should be on its own repo"

Created `/home/clawdbot/market-intelligence`:
- Standalone Git repository
- `scripts/market_intel.py` - Main CLI tool
- `data/market-intel/` - JSON data storage
- `scripts/cron-daily-flights.sh` - Daily tracking cron
- `scripts/cron-weekly-report.sh` - Weekly report cron
- README.md with usage instructions

Configured crontab:
- Daily flight tracking: 14:00 UTC (~8am Mexico City)
- Weekly report: Mondays 15:00 UTC (~9am Mexico City)

### 12:55 - Commits
- **market-intelligence repo**: Initial commit (91614c3)
- **clawd repo**: Moved market intel to separate repo (e0388ab)

### 13:48 - Notion Integration Request
Álv: "will report be stored in notion?"

**Decision:** Create separate "Market Intelligence" database

**Reasoning:**
- Separation of concerns: BI data vs one-off client analyses
- Specialized schema needed for routes, currencies, trends, insights
- Scalability for future metrics
- Clean queries without cluttering Operations DB

### 13:52 - Confirmed to Proceed
Álv: "Yes, please, let's store all data and reports on notion so it can be accesible"

### 13:53 - OpenCode Failed, Direct Implementation
OpenCode failed (Fireworks AI account suspended - billing limit)

Álv: "ok, go option 2" (implement directly)

**Implemented:**
- Added Notion client to `market_intel.py`
- Created save functions:
  - `save_daily_prices_to_notion()` - 6 route entries per day
  - `save_exchange_to_notion()` - 3 currency entries per day
  - `save_weekly_report_to_notion()` - 1 entry per week
- Added `--notion` flag to enable/disable Notion saving
- Updated cron scripts with `--notion` flag
- Created `data/notion-db-ids.json` for database ID config
- Updated README.md with Notion setup instructions
- Created `scripts/setup_notion.py` helper

### 14:02 - Tested Successfully
```bash
python scripts/market_intel.py track --type flights --notion  # Works
python scripts/market_intel.py report --days 7 --notion      # Works
```

**Commit:** cdfbfc2 - Add Notion integration for market intelligence

### 14:08 - Update Weekly Report Schedule
Álv: "I want you to schedule the execution of this report, all fridays at 6pm CST should be good, so, during weekends we can plan our weekly content and begin posting on mondays"

**Updated schedule:**
- Old: Mondays 15:00 UTC (9am CST)
- New: Fridays 12:00 UTC (6pm CST)

**Reasoning:**
- Report runs Friday afternoon (end of week)
- Weekend for analysis and content planning
- Content posts start Monday
- Better alignment with content workflow

**Changes:**
- Updated crontab: `0 12 * * 5`
- Updated README.md with new schedule
- Commit: adeec79 - Update weekly report schedule to Fridays 6pm CST

---

## Status Summary

**Completed Today:**
- Market Intelligence MVP fully built and tested
- Separate repo created and configured
- Cron jobs scheduled for daily tracking + weekly reports
- Documentation updated (README.md, SKILL.md)

**Monitored Routes:**
- MEX→CUN: $45-50 USD (domestic leisure)
- MEX→MIA: $116-223 USD (US East Coast)
- MEX→JFK: $200-236 USD (US East Coast)
- MEX→LAX: $122-207 USD (US West Coast)
- MEX→MAD: $347-370 USD (Europe)
- MEX→CDG: $399-548 USD (Europe)

**Exchange Rates (current mock):**
- MXN/USD: 17.22
- MXN/EUR: 18.75
- MXN/GBP: 21.50

**Awaiting:**
- Real exchange rate API integration (currently mock data)
- Telegram bot integration for auto-report delivery
- Remote GitHub repo setup for market-intelligence

---

## Next Priorities
- Set up remote GitHub repo for market-intelligence (push from local)
- Integrate real FX API
- Connect weekly reports to Telegram channel
- Provider integration details from Mar (pending)
